# **Hello World!**

Hi there? I assume you already know who I am by reading my homepage. This here is my blog. For now, I'm not all too sure what to write in here. Eventually I plan on adding tags for post and such but if I'm being totally honest, I am no web developer!



Web development isn't as easy as doing some simple math, there's so much that goes into making something look pleasing to the eyes. My original goal with this site was to challenge myself into making a site that doesn't use all those heavy CSS styles and bloated JS libraries, but in the end I had to adapt. It seems like I learn everyday that a lot of these tools that people use aren't meant to make things more weighted or intensive on hardware, but to make things look good, and to make them easy to use for everyone.



Now even though I still don't know how to center a div, I think that challenges that are outside of the normal languages you use are good for you. UI/UX development is not my forte whatsoever but I like to think now I have some technical knowhow on how some of this stuff should look for future projects that may require a bit of design.



Now this is turning into a bit of a rant but I think that's what I want this page to be. What I want from this page is a place where I can journal my projects, talk about the things I'm learning, and generally post to the void!

I'm personally elated to start cataloguing my journey.



Sincerely,
Thomas



P.S. This site didn't even work on its first deployment. I had to edit the markdown a ton to get it working right and it still looks a little weird. That's fine though, I don't mind. Also Windows notepad is a great .md editor(ref "obsidian sucks" commit). 

